from
go out
Captain Yu
Come on, stay safe
why are you here
Don't worry
I'm not here to steal your business.
Who are you?
it's not important
What matters is what's behind you
There is a mechanism in the wooden box
You robbed the Song family
Not once or twice
I don't want to this time either
fell into their hands
Could he be Team Leader Yu?
These are the bandits
Pretend they're a band
come to this area
Check various news
How dare you steal something from the Song family?
With such courage and strategy
The captain should be
Not an ordinary robber, right?
Captain Yu
This is the territory of the Song family
If the noise is too loud
This doesn't do any of us any good
Leave the Song family alone and the Tang family alone
today
I originally planned
Do something big
I have no expectations
I met Brother Shen here.
Now that I have the opportunity to get in touch with the market here,
not quality
My jade is inlaid with gold, I want to kneel down
Brother Shen invites you to chat
After we get the money
Two plus one is five
brother
how do you feel
warn
Turns out this is what you want
Oh no
There seems to be a thief in the backyard
Someone has been sent to check
What's this
what happened?
How was this meeting organized?
Let thieves break in
go catch him
Guys, come with me
What will you do when you're done?
Xinnuo
all friends
stand with hands raised
he jumps very high
he sings
The river flows eastward
The stars in the sky join the Beidou
Participate in Bidu
A bowl of wine between life and death
If you say let’s go, then let’s go
go away
Step down
at home
Don't let them escape quickly
OK
get out of the way, get out of the way
Come again, come again
Catching one is one
arrest that woman
Yes
Since you want it so much
this must be a good thing
Thanks
stop fighting
withdrawal
The river flows eastward
The stars in the sky join the Beidou
Participate in Bidu
A bowl of wine between life and death
If you say let’s go, then let’s go
let's go
People stood on stage with them.
How many of you are there?
the girl singing on stage
Pull it down for me
go! go! go
Roar when you see injustice on the road
OK
This is Manier
The overall situation is more important
Waiting for other nursing homes to arrive
we really can't leave
She did it on purpose
delay for us
if we leave
she will be in danger
Everyone, stop her now.
Come again, come again well
waste
What are you doing standing there?
Run for your life quickly
Burned to death, wait a minute.
Come on, come on, come on, take a few people with you.
Go first
This wound is not superficial
Let's go to the hospital tomorrow
beautiful
Thank you so much today, Mrs. Manner.
If you don't cover us
attract these people's attention
we won't do that
How could he escape so smoothly?
You're welcome
but
She went to Song's house
what are you looking for
Until I had an argument with someone
When I'm outside watching the wind
I'm almost nervous
You still know how to be afraid
I let you go today
why don't you go
I am worried about you
If today were not the Song Dynasty hall meeting,
If the church gathering is not crowded
If Thirteen and I hadn’t passed by
i saved you
You are still safe and sound
Are you sitting here?
I've told you many times it's dangerous
Why you
Just don't listen to me
Are you determined to stay?
Xinnuo
I saved you, but you still blame me
What's the purpose of this?
Ryan Manner, let me tell you
Full employment, losses and modest interest
If you were here I could protect you
If I am no longer here in the future
I still
If you weren't here where would you be?
I'm just telling you
when any decision is made in the future
Please think before you act
I think you're out of your mind
Is it good or bad
Confusing
Miss Lian
Why are you standing there staring at me?
there is nothing
I just feel weird
Langjun, tell me
How can you prepare?
I lived there for a long time
Like this simple house?
Is this still the Shin Nu I know?
Mr. Lang
Do you like Miss Lian?
What are you talking nonsense about?
then only you
Why are you so angry?
Even if I tell you you won't understand
I really do not understand
Today, gold and jade are in the Song Mansion
caused such a big disturbance
should be a band
I won't stay in the city
so they took their books
We have to find a way to get it back
I'm going to a big car shop tomorrow
Let's see if we can discover anything.
OK, I'll go with you
No
it has good comfort
Mr. Liu
it's great
little teacher
Master Wu, please save my life.
today
This is the old lady at home
Buddha Day
my parents follow
arranged a meeting
But who would have thought
these are opera singers
This is a bunch of bad people
Both
They can't steal money
So he stole the book
This is all a long follow-up
This was an accidental arrangement
It's him who is incompetent
I tie it up
i apologize to you
I'm watching
Refer to Miss Xiao’s hesitation
After Liu Chan was arrested
under house arrest
Luoyang, the capital of Weizhou
Sima Zhao, General of Wei State
Call Liu Chan
Watch Shaw dance
When Xu officials saw this, they burst into tears.
Only Liu Chan can forget his worries
laugh freely
Song Gongzi
What do you think?
Lord Wu
Really knowledgeable and rich
Thank you for your suggestion
tell you the truth
Because the book is lost
I am afraid
No consideration for food and tea
This guy lost a lot of weight
but
The story I just told is about Liu Chan
I suddenly realized
Very correct
It doesn't matter where we are
in any case
stay optimistic and open
you are in vain
Named after the character Kon
Please also ask Mr. Wu to clarify this matter
The only one who has no choice is Adou.
Wu Ye Wu Ye
Know
The book is missing
Big things will affect you
I really deserve to die
I
no problem
You have been following me for many years
I understand your sincerity
let's go back
she says
little teacher
Mr. Song stays
this
I still don't understand
let's do it
The eldest young master doesn't want this.
look at me when i follow you
more than twenty years
little teacher
big deal
Mother
you early in the morning
Make such a luxurious meal
my mother didn't do this
dad
don't eat anything
you did it
You even swept the yard
You can also feed pigs and cows
me and no equipment
this is not what you did
Are you kind enough to receive him?
I thought I had to do something
He repays your kindness
You're so polite, aren't you?
I said they are all sons of our country
A diligent and lovely person
Last
Forget it, you're done
Miss Manier
In fact, the original intention of No Gear
This is not the case with him
I put it aside
Auntie, it’s so cold this morning
Something like this will happen again in the future
Just leave it to me
No need for me to wash it myself
beautiful
I'm good at doing laundry
You believe me
No I'm fine
I can do it
No
you give me
Mom, let's eat
this
this child
girl
Your skin and hair belong to your parents
How could one surrender willingly?
I'm not
what you are not
Girls need to calm down
in this world
There is no obstacle that cannot be overcome
Even if there are truly insurmountable obstacles
We are near Aqaba
stay a little
This may not be an option.
I don't
there is nothing
Why are you so naughty?
Jumping into the river on such a cold day
What if you don't die?
you will lose half your life
Even if I die
you are in the river
I would also act like a half-human being.
very scary
do you know
I won't die
My clothes fell into the river
Don't make such unreasonable excuses
Where are you?
sorry girl
this is my misunderstanding
wait a second
girl
your clothes
thank you, sir
little teacher
Where do you live?
How could I never do this?
i have never seen you
Do you know Xinnu?
i am a country boy
I am temporarily living in Shisanli Yingzi.
Which
May I have your name
My name is Changfeng
Others call me Thirteen
please call me thirteen
Changfeng
Little brother
Just wanted to ask
Wasn't there a theater troupe before?
Are you preparing the stage for singing here?
where are they?
forgotten
those people
Not a good person
He robbed the Song family and then escaped.
Yes
That's unfortunate
I prefer to listen
they sing opera
then you know
Where did they go?
How do I know this?
I would like to know
I went to the government early to collect my award.
look
The government people are coming
it comes one after another
Turn this upside down
this is a disaster for us
Who will dare to come in the future?
Stop at a large car store
impossible
Come here and let me help you
Where do you put this?
just put it there
This wine jar
second wife
There are nails in your ass
Did you get the bed?
Everything has come to this point
Why don't you come and cook?
Yes
This woman smells so bad
Why haven't you come back yet?
Mother
Doing laundry takes a long time
Your grandmother, your great-grandmother, asks you to cook.
Go quickly
Mother
I want to go home and rest for a while
Ashar suffered a lot
so cold
Where is this water?
No one brings water
You pour water
Hurry up and get your dad some water.
How is this going
I went out to do laundry and it was very cold.
come over
The wind is very cold
I can not
How can you be so sensitive?
you want to be cool
She went home and added some clothes
Then go and cook quickly
Help yourself
It feels a little burning to the touch
How about we find a doctor?
stop
Just what little money we have
It's not enough for my stepdad to fix it next month.
Say it again
There is a lot of life at home
Just in case you can find a doctor
does it look good or bad
Who will do the work?
return
Just take it with you and it will pass
Yes
Lang Jun
I will be back soon
Did you discover anything?
Come
this band
when you panic and run away
Leave a lot of fashion
All fashion has this flavor
and
Last time I talked about gold inlaid with jade
during battle
accidentally touched
powder in her bag
They all taste the same
smells like
Made from specific medicinal plants
Check in this direction
maybe i can get some ideas
Sister Yi'er
Manier
Why don't you sit down?
take a break
I completed
Put it down, Manier
Why are you so hot?
go to hospital
I don't plan to
I haven't finished all the work yet
Well you have to have a life to do that.
It just so happened that I had something to do at the hospital.
with me
Manier
Thirteen is gone
go to the doctor
Thank you, Mrs. Marner
It's not a big problem for me anymore
this
Lian Man'er will take you to see him
He is a doctor named Wang Yuying
Wang Youheng often goes to the mountains to collect medicine.
Maybe these are medicinal plants
completely familiar
Give it to him to get to know her
Miss Manner, please wait for me
not together?
I dont go
Manier must be angry with me
Go quickly
Yes
Then I'll go there first
This is cold wind
I'm going to get medicine
Brother Yang
I don't need to take medicine
Although the wind and cold are always present,
But if you don't pay attention
The consequences can be big or small
and
You have a high fever again
It is very likely that this will result in
from other diseases
Not to be underestimated
beautiful
Brother Heng, go get the medicine.
correct
There's someone there who's my friend
His name is No. 13
There is some damage to the body
Please help me
OK
What’s wrong with you
Injuried
Which one is injured?
here
Then take off your clothes first
I'll bring you medicine
Sister Ye
What are you looking at
Please introduce yourself
home business
You are the one who does the most
it keeps getting called
just like a server
you can't keep it anymore
you must resist
Manier
I know you do this for my own good
But look at me like this
What capabilities do I have?
bear
everyone has a destiny
This is my life
What is inanimate?
if you are ready
I can make money with you
After economic independence
There will be capital resistance
No one dares to bully you anymore
Independent Golden Rooster Award
under any circumstances
i will be with you forever
Thank you Munir
Brother Yang
I don’t know if I can see it
What is this incense made of?
This is not spice
Mainly fennel and wormwood
calamus lemongrass
How to make these common condiments
Then say it
Can't everyone do it?
these spices
it's not personal
This is not necessarily the case
There are some herbs in it
Call cloud
this herb
Still relatively rare
This herb is mainly used for
Get rid of an insect called a pincer beetle
This insect is only found in a handful of...
The area is infested and likes to suck blood.
Once a person is bitten
You will develop a rash all over your body
severe itching
serious time
It may even be life-threatening
so
Only if you suffer from such insects
people in trouble
Only then can we use the cloud to repel insects
cloud
Brother Yang
Do you know this insect?
Where do they appear most often?
if you want to find it
Just walk south along Hualing
five or sixty miles
There is a cloud over there
Ask the person who has received the most medicine
maybe i can ask
i did well
Sorry for causing you trouble
Polite
counting
Drink the Spirit of Wind twice a day
Just drink it for three days
I brought you a few more pairs
This way you will
when the rain comes
You can also drink it as soon as possible
It also has a protective effect
Manier
It is said that this came from the Western Regions
What is wine?
Take it back and try it
High quality
There's wine for sale here
We don't have it here
this is my father
When going out to collect debts
Reposted from elsewhere
So here we are
There will be one soon
Fifty or sixty miles south of Hualing
correct
very good
This will lock the position
Then we'll set off tomorrow
Find Jin Xiangyu and retrieve the book
we can go back
tomorrow
What's wrong
Lang Jun
you
I can't give up Miss Manner
Let’s go back this time
I'm afraid I won't come back
Do you want to spend the day with her first?
give me a day
Go the day after tomorrow
how
You can't afford it either
Ryan Manner
where are you going?
Where am I going?
What does she have to do with you?
I was very worried yesterday
Worried that you are in danger
So I'm a little smug
Can you call it smaller?
Almost ate me
We have Mr. Xin
Yesterday I was talking sensibly
Be cheerful today
So moody
sorry
Manier
Sorry, let's go.
i have something to tell you
I just want to ask you
where are you going?
Go up the mountain to find grapes
I'm looking for grapes
What other crazy idea did you come up with?
Brother Youheng yesterday
He gave me a box of wine
I would like to know
This thing is all around us
But there are some rare things
I plan to go up the mountain
find some blueberries
Looking for a home?
wash and dry
What are your thoughts on the idea of ​​winemaking?
What's up with her
not too good
If you like wine
Not to mention the complicated process
Just the sales side
difficult to develop
what do you think?
This poor man can't afford it
You can't reach the rich
What about distilled wine?
distilled wine
Just use the distillation method
Reduce fermentation difficulty
retain fruity aroma
It can also reduce the price of wine
cheaper
looks like this
You can have a try
This is the height of emperors and generals
Literary and elegant guests
Reach out to the public at large
they all drink
that's cheap
again very rare
Don’t worry about running out of sales
But why are you right?
About VIP
you know clearly
i just heard
Listen, listen, listen again
What other secrets do you have?
This is something I don't know
I didn’t expect that in this deep mountain and ancient forest
There is also a hot spring cave.
hole hole hole hole
Look, there's an echo
This Jinyang County belongs to the southeast
surrounded by mountains
I've heard about it for a long time
There are quite a few here
hidden hot spring
It was indeed like this when I saw it today
This winter is very warm
There is sunshine during the day
Next to the hot spring
Constant humidity throughout the seasons
It's the right time, the right place and the right person
What is the right time, place and people
Where is the weather good?
Today I will go to the mountains with you
What a convenient location
This is a hot spring cave
Where is the harmony between people?
Smart Ryan Mannier
found it
echo loudly
Have you given it another thought?
What was your idea?
trustworthy
I will give you a surprise later
everyone is here
have fun and enjoy it
The difference is
i just feel ashamed
gift from god
hurry up
Are you really with another girl?
Not the same thing
Ryan Manner
If one day
I gotta go
Will you keep me?
If I keep you, you won't leave
say goodbye to this
I am the most absent
if you want to leave
Then I must
I can't say hello to people around me
It doesn't make any sense to say this.
Only fear remains
This is worse than...
I say goodbye quietly in my heart
do you really think so
How many times have you said that in the past few days?
I'm leaving I'm leaving
do you really want to leave
where are you going?
when
you asked for this
Are you chasing me away?
I'm just thinking
You can't stay at Lian's house forever
Also for the future
plan to plan
Our family
But no one will fire you
you
A perfect match for our Lianjia woodshed.
besides it
Garlic and peanut trade ends
we have to hurry
Find a new job
can't waste time
And you?
Although the work is not easy
My brain is not as smart as mine
But getting help is better than none
stay calm
OK
what you just said
distilled spirits trade
I think it's really good
I will ask my father later
See if he can come up with something
Is it distillation or something?
my father is very convenient
absolutely no problem
Where will the two of us be tomorrow morning?
Continue up the mountain to pick grapes
OK
Wine trade rebounds after
we can save a lot of money
Then you can start working in the industry
this cave
I have to make good use of it too
you must help me
OK
I haven't even told you what I need you to do.
you just know it's good
How would you like me to help you in the future?
I promise you everything
Which
All the money you make belongs to me
Real or fake?
That's it
The comments on the hook will not change in a hundred years
If you change, you'll be a big fool
Dongshi City has a good location
Let's go take a look when we have time.
maybe in the future
business can be done there
he makes money
Buy another piece of land for your parents
Xinnuo
I'm going to look for grapes
nobody
if you want to leave
Then I must
I can't say hello to people around me
It doesn't make any sense to say this.
Only fear remains
This is worse than...
I say goodbye quietly in my heart
Slow down, slow down, what are you doing?
hurry
Have you seen Xinnuo?
La, Xinnuo?
I did not see it
uncle
Have you seen Xinnuo?
No uh
Thanks